DOCSP-17659 replaced above and below (#144)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/data-formats/pojo-customization.txt

       }
   }

> The preceding class specifies that any integer greater than 29 is not serialized, and,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preceding class specifies that any integer less than 30 is not serialized, and,
```

Nit: I think this is closer to the code snippet above

Reviewer: Bad comment, deleting
